# Samuel-Roa-Capstone-Project
This repository will serve as a place for me to document my entire capstone project including updates, troubleshooting, and documentation for the entire process.
My Capstone project aims to explore and mitigate cyber threats stemming from Command and Control (C2) servers and botnet operations by creating a simulated cyber-attack and defense environment. This project will include deploying a C2 Server to manage a botnet and launch controlled attacks against a simulated enterprise infrastructure I create . I will ensure this testing environment is isolated and contained by beginning the project using a fully isolated virtual network and then switching over to a physical LAN connection that I will create using the Switches in the server room. I will ensure this LAN network is isolated from all other machines by not connecting it to the internet, assigning only static IPs without a Default Gateway, and creating a custom subnet. All network traffic will be monitored.  This infrastructure will consist of a Windows 2022 server hosting a web page using IIS and virtual machines via Hyper-V and a Rocky Linux server running a separate website . Additionally, this infrastructure will be created using Dell PowerEdge blade servers that I borrow from the Neumont Student Server Room.  The goal of the first phase of this project is to analyze the attack, network traffic patterns, and system vulnerabilities that the C2 server exploits. I will be using Tools such as Splunk, Snort, and Wireshark to capture, monitor, and analyze network packets to document the behavior of malicious communications and their impact on networks.
Following the first phase, the second phase of the project will shift the focus to developing and incorporating defensive strategies to protect against these attacks. I will be capitalizing on the data I collected in the first phase, implementing various security measures, and adopting network intrusion detection and prevention systems to fortify the infrastructure. I will oversee the effectiveness of these defenses through a series of similar attacks explained in the first phase, intending to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities. Overall, this project aims to provide a comprehensive understanding of C2 server operations, enhance my skills in cybersecurity defense, and grow my understanding of real-world scenarios. These defense and documentation tools will be used on a VM (Virtual Machine) with Kali Linux

